the view of Croatia Dubrovnik a view
from the cable car forth there straight
from the 8th century but no solar panels
of any kind
there's our beautify our own young lady
you don't mind our this is restaurant
car Navasky boring
country-house homemade food
this is brandy herbal brandy from
Croatia
you
this is the elfin where they cook our
lunch you have a cold there and then
these are the opens inside a little pot
you put your
pudding then we'll be done in 20 minutes
the driver told us the water quality
here is excellent
they just haven't found a way to make
money out of it maybe bottle it and sell
it at maybe one euro or two euro a liter
you
this is hydropower flower bill
there's some water that's used to follow
them